Note: This is not intended to be a legal document. It is just a summary of the rationale behind the license and contributor agreement documents

The objective of releasing the SWC codebase on github is to promote a more open development process that is resistent to the transient nature of availability and activity of a restricted core development team. The idea is that an open development approach will ensure that the game continues to see forward progress even as team members come and go, and it will significantly reduce the barrier for entry to becoming a contributing team member. However, releasing the code to the world at large is not without challenges.

In particular, licensing is a major concern. SWC has grown over many years as a privately developed project by a group of volunteers. Despite this, SWC has never adopted an open source licensing policy, and the current approach is to retain this aspect of the existing private development model. This creates a struggle between the desire for open development, but private ownership of the code.

In an attempt to resolve this, the objective of the contributor agreement is twofold: the first is to protect the rights of the contributors, allowing them to retain copyright over the work that they produce. This ideally encourages contribution, as there is nothing to lose by submitting code to SWC (you can reuse your own personal work outside of SWC); it merely provides an opprotunity to contribute to the game, get experience, and importantly be able to share and discuss that experience with others, for example to use as sample code for job applications or during interviews.

The second objective, however, is to protect the existence of SWC. It's possible (although unlikely) for a malicious user to make significant contributions, wait until they are tightly coupled with the game engine, and then demand that his code be removed. In order to avoid this situation, you must assign an "indefinite, nonterminable, transferrable, and assignable" license to SWC. Roughly speaking, this means that if you submit code to SWC, you grant SWC the ability to do whatever it wants with your code, including allow others to modify it (assignable) and assign their rights to others (transferrable). This is necessary to avoid the bad actor concern, as well as to provide for SWC to continue to exist even if structural changes are ever required for legal reasons (such as changing names). Additionally, the license is indefinite, meaning that it never expires, and it is nonterminable, meaning that you cannot later revoke the license.

We are trying to balance the rights of contributing programmers to encourage everyone to contribute, by permitting them to use their contributions as they see fit, as well as protect them, by preventing others from simply taking their code and using it as free labor to create a similar project. We are also trying to ensure that this open development model cannot jeopardize the future of SWC, by assigning certain privileges to SWC itself.
